PRE SCHEME PROJECT, Crypto Lab, NJIT
Version: 
	v00.01 
Last Edited: 
	6/17/2015 11:37PM
List of Authors:
	TPOC: 
		Dr. Kurt Rohloff, rohloff@njit.edu
	Programmers:
		Dr. Yuriy Polyakov, polyakov@njit.edu
		Gyana Sahu, grs22@njit.edu
Description:	
	This code exercises the Proxy Re-Encryption capabilities of the NJIT Lattice crypto library.
	In this code we:
		- Generate a key pair.
		- Encrypt a string of data.
		- Decrypt the data.
		- Generate a new key pair.
		- Generate a proxy re-encryption key.
		- Re-Encrypt the encrypted data.
		- Decrypt the re-encrypted data.
	We configured parameters (namely the ring dimension and ciphertext modulus) to provide a level of security roughly equivalent to a root hermite factor of 1.007 which is generally considered secure and conservatively comparable to AES-128 in terms of computational work factor and may be closer to AES-256.

All rights retained by NJIT.  Our intention is to release this software as an open-source library under a license comparable in spirit to BSD, Apache or MIT.

This software is being provided as an alpha-test version.  This software has not been audited or externally verified to be correct.  NJIT makes no guarantees or assurances about the correctness of this software.  This software is not ready for use in safety-critical or security-critical applications.

File Descriptions

	Source.cpp: The core functionality to demonstrate the use of the Proxy Re-Encryption operation is in the Source.cpp file.
	
	Makefile: A fairly simple make file.  Run make to build the code.  Run make clean to clean the build directory.

	NTRU-PRE: The resulting executable after make is run.

Ongoing activities:
	This library will eventually be placed on an externally facing code repository.  It is in active development and will be updated regularly.
	The code will be continually improved to provide new functionality.

Bug Bounty:
	The software is in active development.  The authors expect to find and remove bugs in the software.  Any NJIT student who finds a bug which compromises the security of the library will give you extra credit up to a course grade increase of half a letter grade in any of Prof. Rohloff's future course at the professor's discretion.  If you are not an NJIT student, Prof. Rohloff will purchase you a recreational beverage at a time of mutual convenience.
